## v2.3.0 Release Notes (2023-04-20)

This release includes some breaking changes that are important to be aware of.

1. When using `account-node` (server applications or mobile wallets), you no longer need to provide a list of storage nodes to connect. You can provide a `countryCode` to the `AutoAccount` constructor and it will automatically chose random storage nodes in your country. If there are none for your country, it will fallback to your region (ie: `Europe`) and if still none in your region, fallback to random global nodes. It is still possible to specify your own nodes (ie: If you self host or are part of a network of private nodes)
2. The smart contract addresses have changed on `testnet`. This means any existing DIDs created will no longer work and all data has been cleared from the network. This is not ideal, however there were some gas efficiency improvements that were identified in our latest protocol audit. It was decided that for consistency, those improvements should be deployed to `testnet`. These changes impacted the structure and order of state variables so there was no way to upgrade our existing contracts with these improvements. Moving forward, there will be no further clearing of DID's on the network.

Other changes include:

1. Supporting `devnet` network in addition to `testnet`. `devnet` supports it's own network of storage nodes, but shares the same `testnet` Mumbai smart contract for managing DIDs
2. Updating all the tests to support automatically selecting storage nodes, instead of manually providing them
3. Tidy up of `@verida/types` interfaces to better match implementation